# cp01-template
This repository is a template for computational project 1 in NPRE 247. 

## Resources
To submit your project, you'll need to learn about git and github. 
It's not as intimidating as it seems, and your CAs can help you in the computer lab.
Also, Prof. Huff can help you by appointment.

To help you figure git out on your own, here are some resources:
- [Prof. Huff video](https://mediaspace.illinois.edu/media/t/0_a7qttbek/34851501)
- [Git & GitHub Cheatsheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)
- [Yes You Can Git](https://speakerdeck.com/willingc/yes-you-can-git)

## Setup Instructions

1. Download your assignment repository. (Use `git clone`.)
2. Delete the report template you aren't planning to use. (Use `git rm`.)
3. Commit this change (Use `git commit`.) 
4. Sync this change to your fork (Use `git push`.)

## Report Directory
There is a 'report' directory. It contains 2 document templates (one .docx and one .tex file) for your convenience. The tex file has an associated .bib file to hold references. You can learn about .bib files online.
You can start with the word doc or the LaTeX document and edit from there. 
If you prefer some other format (e.g. markdown), feel free to use it as long as a .pdf can be created with that format (e.g. via pandoc).

## Code Directory
There is a 'code' directory. It contains nothing. 
You should place all of your code in this directory.  

## Output Directory
There is an 'output' directory. It contains nothing. 
This is where you can optionally place the output files and plots generated by your code.
